Mixpanel Cohorts update (#4684)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/catalog/cloud-apps/mixpanel-cohorts/index.md

  "userId": "user@email.com" // mixpanel uses the distinct_id property here
}
```

### Sync Mixpanel Cohorts with Engage

> If you'd like your Cohorts data to flow to Engage, you'll need to connect Mixpanel Cohorts as a source in the Unify settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To send your Cohorts data to Engage, connect a Mixpanel Cohorts source in the Unify settings.
```

@rchinn-segment  We can make this more concise.
